I am stuck, or at least I feel stuck.

There are a lot of things on my mind, the major thing being, I want to work on amazing things, with amazing people in an amazing place. Like a lot of software engineers, Silicon Valley comes in mind. But I am not delusional, I know that it is not an easy thing. A lot of things together decide whether something can be acheived or not. I think about things a lot, sometimes it's me just trying to find a way to get in and sometimes me being sad. A lot of feelings come together, in fact that is why this article is so confusing for anyone so far. but ok, let's try to do it once more, let's try to make a sense of the turmoil I am going through.

I want to work in a nice place, where the only thing worrying me is "How well am I contributing to society". I want to work around amazing people (not only nice), now this might sound arrogant, but the thing is, I currently work with people who are nice, but I don't look up to anyone of them. I want to work with people who are really amazing in what they are doing, the domain experts. Why ? because there is so much to learn about the world and other things from them. Finally, I really want to build something that helps a lot of people out, that kind of impacts almost everyone in the world in a positive way. A lot of it comes from the OpenAI team, they are working on top tech, with great people around them and it is just amazing, not trying to find a job at OpenAI but just saying.

There are again a lot of thoughts attached with this, am I just being a child ? who doesn't know what he wants ? am I just a newbie trying to imitate others ? but an amazing senior Engineer also was chasing companies like Isovalent, because "They were the cool kids at that time". I don't consider it bad, and I am definitely not alone in this, what's so bad about working with amazing people ?

Another thing being, I am not good enough for this, it is not just my imposter syndrome talking, it is just that I haven't made anything signifantly good to this day, what I dream for is exceptional and I am not exceptional (at least now). I have done some amazing things so far, that are very big for a lot of people around me, but I don't feel satisfied, I want to do the things I mentioned above and I am not good enough for them right now.

So, what is the solution you say ? of course it is not a candy handout, I would have to be deserving to get what I want, how do I do that ? let's think about my thought process so far. There are three things I have touched so far, Web Development, Kubernetes and Cloud Native and some of AI. AI is something that has a very large impact radius, but is similarly tough ! I am not sure if I can directly get into AI, I think I would have to be good at at-least two things, oh wait, I think I just got an Idea. The path is not that tough to define after all. I need to build something, so that people would notice me and I will actually gain confidence with my own skills. Web means I can make something that people can use, Kubernetes and Cloud Native means I can relate to how the software is being deployed, the distributed aspect of it and finally, since I know a bit about AI, I can leverage that technology to make a software.

In fact there is one more great thing, I just got into Microsoft for startup founder's hub that means I have access to free credits to build things with AI. I actually have all the things that are needed to build what I want. What I am facing right now is an adversity, Since I am not perfectly good in any of the above mentioned skills, my progress is slow. I have to go through all of it and figure it out, to finally make it happen, I just have to make amazing software with the skills I already have. Let's go.

So, there are two projects I can work on, One is TopCrew, that is a platform to bring people together, another is Senseii, which is my Final year project. Senseii is tough to deal with because of all the configuration and stuff, but I think I have to do it, it is not impossible. I think I should stop talking and start doing like Sam Altman said, I will work on both projects, one in the morning and one in the night time, In the remaining time I will do my Job.

I guess I am not that stuck afterall. Let's go.